 				Objectives. 
			


			Main Objectives.
 The main objective of this research is to develop a heart prediction system. The system can discover and extract hidden knowledge associated with diseases from a historical heart data set 

Heart disease prediction system aims to use fuzzy logics techniques on medical data set to assist in the prediction of the heart diseases. 

Specific Objectives.

 • Provides new approach to concealed patterns in the data.
 • Helps avoid human biasness. 
 • To implement Naïve Bayes Classifier that classifies the disease as    per  the input of the user. 
 • Reduce the cost of medical tests




Question 1

Cardiogram and heartify are two mobile applications that can be used to moniter your heart rate and also predict if the user has any form of heart disease.

These softwares are heart health monitor that helps you learn what your heart is telling you. It can track your heart health and HRV (Heart Rate Variablity) through your watch and understand your sleep, stress, and cardio fitness.

Although these two apps are the best in the market, there are some problems these apps faces that our system will resolve. These are:

1. Inaccuracy: 
These two system use a process called Heart rate variabilitY (HVR). These is where the amount of time between your heartbeats fluctuates slightly. Now the problem with HRV is that its not constant. That is the HVR of someone who just woke up to the HRV of that same person after an excicise will be different thereby cause the Prediction to be different.
Our system won't be based on the all too common Heart rate variabilitY (HVR) but rather logics. Our system will ask its user a set of specific question and base on their answers we predict if he/she has a heart disease or not.

2. Constant crashes:
Though these apps has recieved a lot of positive reviews, it,  Another common problem these two app suffers is their constant crashes. After reading though the user reviews of both app,we  
